San Francisco Giants Associate Software Engineering Take Home Project 

Thanks for taking the time to work on this take home project. 
We hope that it’s both fun and challenging and gives you a good opportunity to showcase your skills.
Please be sure to email back your ​answers.txt​ file ​and any code that you wrote​ within ​3 hours​. 
Please feel free to google for any help that you need, just be sure to add a comment to your code to cite your sources. 
We recommend ​http://m.mlb.com/glossary​ as a helpful resource to learn about baseball statistics. 
Questions We’ve attached a json file containing real play-by-play data from the 2019 baseball season and a text file with space to add your answers. 
Feel free to use whatever language you feel most comfortable with to answer these questions, 
but make sure you follow the directions to properly format your answers so that our automated grading tool can 
correctly grade your submission. 
 
1. Who had the most extra base hits? (Please list the player’s first and last name. For example, Barry Bonds) 
2. Who threw the hardest pitch? (Again, first and last name) 
3. What was the average four seam fastball velocity for Colorado pitchers? (Please round to 4 decimal places) 
4. Calculate the batting average of each player on the Giants and the Rockies. 
Create two lists of batting averages sorted descending for each team. 
For your answer, please provide two lists - first the list of the Giants’ batting averages, 
followed by the Rockies’ batting averages. (Please round to 3 decimal places and leave off the leading 0. 
For example, .123 is the correct format. If any player batted 1.000, format the decimal to show the one’s digit ) 
 
Bonus Questions Please complete the 4 questions above before working on the questions below. 
 
1. What was the Giants OPS with runners in scoring position? 
(Please round to 3 decimal places and leave off the leading 0. For example, .123 is the correct format) 
2. Implement a function that takes your answers from question 4 (two sorted lists of batting averages for each team) 
and outputs an array of all batting averages from both teams sorted in descending order. 
Keep in mind that the run-time of your algorithm matters and do your best to optimize the time-complexity. 
(please round all BA’s to 3 decimal places and lead off the leading 0. For example, .123 is the correct format)  
a. Ex: sf_avgs = [.345, .234., 012], col_avgs = [ .567, .456, .123], output = [.567, .456, .345, .234, .123, .012] 
3. What is the run-time of the algorithm you wrote in Bonus #2? (Please use Big-O notation) 
4. Implement a function that takes in the baseball json data and checks if there were any two pitches thrown at 
the exact same velocity during the four-game series.Your function should return the velocity of the pitches that 
were thrown at identical speed - if there is more than one duplicate pair of velocities, return the first duplicate found. 
If no two such velocities exist, return None. Keep in mind that the run-time of your algorithm matters and 
do your best to optimize the time-complexity.(Please round to 4 decimal places). 
5. What is the run-time of the algorithm your wrote in Bonus #4? (Please use Big-O notation).